Bite my shiny metal ass.

Everybody's a jerk: you, me, this jerk.

Of all the friends I've had, you're the first.

I hate the people that love me, and they hate me.

That'll take forever. What she ought to do is find a nice guy with two eyes and poke one out.

A grim day for robot-kind. But we can always build more killbots.

I'm gonna drink 'til I reboot.

What kind of party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.

I assure you, I barely know the meaning of the word labor.

I'm a fraud. A poor, lazy, sexy fraud.

And I'd do it again, and perhaps a third time. But that would be it.

Don't talk like that; tragic romances always have a happy ending.

The auxiliary power's out and they spilled my cocktail.

This'll teach those filthy bastards who's lovable!

Why can't she just drink herself happy like a normal person?

Bender: 1, Toilet: 0.

They're not very heavy, but you don't hear me not complaining.

I'm finally richer than those snooty ATM machines.

Compare your lives to mine and kill yourselves.

Bodies are for hookers and fat people.

Comedy's a dead art form. Now tragedy, that's funny.

Ah, nothing like a warm fire and a SuperSoaker of fine cognac.

Yes, I got the most! I win X-Mas!

X-Mas eve, another pointless day where I accomplished nothing. Ah...

It's always so sad when a friend goes crazy and you have a have a big clambake and cook him! Yee-ha!

He's no different from the rest of you organisms, shooting DNA at each other to make babies. I find it offensive.

He's a loser; he's the lobster equivalent of Fry.

You, sir, have defaced a natural treasure! I insist you restore my buttocks to their former glory.

Computer dating: it's just like pimping except you rarely have to use the term 'upside your head'.

Now, my usual fee is $500. But seeing as how its you, I'll need it all in advance.

She is well-traveled, and I don't mean she travels a lot.

It's one thing to win a fixed fight; there's dignity in that. But to lose!

You know, they say you can judge a man by the company he keeps; so here's the professor's oldest friend: a grotesque, stinking lobster!

...Martini-drinking contest with the auto-pilot. I would have won, except we ran out of olives.

There we were in the park when suddenly some old lady says I stole her purse.
I chucked the professor at her but she kept coming. So I had to hit her with this purse I found.

Arrr! The laws of science be a harsh mistress.

This is the best nanosecond of my life! No this one is! No this one!

Problem solved. You two fight to the death and I'll cook the loser.

Great is OK, but amazing would be GREAT!

Yes! I'm going to be rich! You are too, but it's hard to get excited about that.

Blackmail's such an ugly word. I prefer extortion; the "x" makes it sound cool.

If they put me on a stamp... tell them to use the young Bender.

Hmm, words I never say... Oh, I know: "Thanks"!

Robot porno theatre! I was in that... general... vicinity.

I can't afford to keep running people over. I'm not famous enough to get away with it.

You're a thousand years old?! Your bio says you're 27!

That probulator really knows how to please a man.

Life is hilariously cruel.

Oh crap! It's a miracle!

Now you know why I used the qualifier 'practically'.

Now we're slaving!

The cruelty of the old pharoah is a thing of the past! Let a whole new wave of cruelty wash over this lazy land!

If you want children beaten, you've got to do it yourself.

Robots don't have any emotions and sometimes that makes me very sad.

I personalized each of your meals. For example, Amy: you're cute, so I baked you a pony.

Oh my god. I'm so excited I wish I could wet my pants!
